added sentence for security fixes (#3660)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/includes/cli-install-linux-dnf.md

## Overview

For Linux distributions with `dnf`, such as RHEL 8/9 or CentOS Stream 8/9, there are RPM packages for Azure CLI.

> [!WARNING]

> > Azure CLI 2.39.0 (released on 08/02/2022) is the last version supported on RHEL 7 and Centos 7 and will continue to receive security fixes until the end of life of the operating systems. Microsoft will not provide any other updates or bug fixes on this version.

Reviewer: This changes the meaning of the original statement. The original statement indicates 2.39.0 doesn't support RHEL 7 and CentOS 7, but the new statement indicates the opposite.

> > Azure CLI 2.39.0 (released on 08/02/2022) is the last version supported on RHEL 7 and Centos 7.  You may continue to use historical versions of Azure CLI on these systems, but there will be no further updates or bug fixes from Microsoft.  RHEL 7 and Centos 7 will will continue to receive security fixes as long as the dependencies are supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Azure CLI 2.39.0 (released on 08/02/2022) is the last version supported on RHEL 7 and Centos 7 and will continue to receive security fixes until the end of life of the operating systems. Microsoft will not provide any other updates or bug fixes on this version.
```
